GHOST: Previously on Power
SAXE: The witness picked out
a photograph of Tommy Egan.
We already have
a tracker on his car.
We could just turn it on.
ANGELA: I'm conducting
an investigation.
It's not that I won't answer
your questions. Sergeant.
It's that I can't.
ANGELA: Your investigation's
gone too far. Shut it down.
We'd like your assistance
in gathering all the files
associated with
the Raymond Jones murder.
Do you think Egan
suspects anything?
He thinks that I wanna get
close to the son I never knew.
PROCTOR:
Him getting out looks legit.
TOMMY: So he ain't
a snitch or nothing?
Not as far as I could see.
Tommy won't turn
on the Italians.
So we gotta make them
shut the door on him.
I got a plan. K.
but nobody can get hurt.
What the fuck are we
'posed to do with those?
Fuck this blank shit.
(gunfire)
(groaning)
- You hit?
- Yeah.
What?
So you don't recognize
any of them?
They're the dope boys.
Trying to even the score.
That was for Tommy.
You understand?
You swore to me that shit was over.
Your dad and I. we didn't want you
to know what the streets were like.
We thought we were
protecting you.
James. we've asked Andre to be
an additional face for the QCP.
I can't deal with the loss of
my daughter the way you want me to.
That's just it. Ghost.
you're not dealing with it at all.
Hey. Angie.
I'm not doing that good.
Hey.
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
50 CENT: ♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
and turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I /earn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell.
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15
minutes. they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it.
then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options.
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap.
/earn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man.
in the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal flow.
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007.
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar.
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
tell her. baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration.
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
moving with no hesitation ♪
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
(ominous music)
Any idea why Vincent
called to see you today?
Well. whatever it is. I'm not
covering your ass again.
you understand?
Hey. there they are.
There they are.
Hey.
Hey. what's up?
Come here.
Give me some love.
I know. I know.
Good.
VINCENT: So...
I've been thinking
about the shootout
from the other day.
And it just doesn't add up.
Anything you two wanna tell me?
Well. I mean. I think it
was this guy Dre.
Was he the guy you
said you handled?
You lied to me about it?
Yeah.
You could've told me
about it before.
I could've helped you handle it.
Get your fucking hands off.
SAMMY: Don't you--
MAN: Fucking man up.
- Come on.
- Don't--Vince. Vince.
Hold up.
There's been a mistake here.
Tony. these are your boys.
They're your responsibility.
(gun cocks)
Pick one.
Come on. Vincent.
Come on. you're really
gonna do this?
He told you the truth.
Nobody died.
TERESI: Cut him some
fucking slack.
You're a stand-up guy. Tony.
I respect you.
But if you don't point this gun
and pull the trigger.
all three of you
are fucking dead.
(Tense music)
(breathing heavily)
VINCENT.' Do it.
I'm sorry.
(gun clicks)
We'll always be family.
But that's all we'll be.
Tommy. it goes without saying.
I won't be needing a re-up.
You fucking mutt.
It's been chaos
since you came around.
- You understand that?
- Sammy!
- Get the fuck out of here.
- Take--take--take off. kid.
I'll deal with this guy.
Go on.
Sammy.
You were gonna shoot me?
I don't even know him.
Why did I have to come home
for my birthday dinner?
Couldn't you all just
call me or something?
No. your mother needs you here.
Son. you've never been away
on your birthday.
and this ain't
the year to start.
She told me about
your conversation.
I would've told you.
I just didn't know how to--
- About my past--our past.
back in Queens.
The truth.
Well. that's your mother's
version of the truth. son.
She's hurting right now.
so she's saying things
she don't really mean.
She's not really herself.
so you gotta take it
with a grain of salt.
whatever she says.
One day when you're older.
I'll give you my version.
You never talk about
where you come from.
It's complicated.
Really irrelevant.
What's important is that
I want to give you the life
I never had. son.
the childhood I never had.
I want to protect you
from the things that
nobody protected me from.
All right?
All right.
TASHA: Thank you so much for
coming to the hotel last night.
You have no idea
how much I needed that.
It's good to just get away.
To just be.
I told you before. Tasha.
you don't have to be at a hotel.
You know I have Yas.
Well. bring Yas.
Bring your stuff
to my apartment.
Well. I can't tonight.
Tariq is. urn.
coming home for his birthday.
Mama is planning this
big dinner.
And I haven't even told Tariq
that I've moved out yet.
I get it.
Do what you need to do.
But you need
to stay away from James.
and out from
under his influence.
(Chuckles)
You're funny.
If anybody has me
under their influence.
it's you.
(Chuckles)
As soon as Tariq goes back
to school.
I'm out of there.
Hey. Mrs. St. Patrick.
BAKER: It's that time
of the year again?
The usual for the twins?
One strawberry cake
and one chocolate?
Uh. I only need one this year.
Strawberry.
BAKER: Okay.
(Solemn music)
Tameika.
What's this?
The GPS tracker
placed on Egan's car
during the St. Patrick trial.
Mak and Saxe recently
reactivated it.
I think they're up to something
I'm not privy to but should be.
- as Head of Criminal.
- You're absolutely right.
Let me handle them.
I want to congratulate you all.
especially you. Angela.
for getting closer
to the Jimenez
than any other district
in the decade-long
pursuit of the cartel.
But it's time to move on.
We shouldn't give up.
Let's build an airtight
trafficking case
DOJ can't deny.
Now that we know the Jimenez
have been in town.
I have requested all
CCTV footage of them
from the past three months.
If we can track their movements.
piece together their
New York syndicate.
pin down their distro-
Our orders from Agent Tampio
are clear.
We've been asked
to leave it alone.
Steve Tampio is compromised.
He's backed by the DOJ.
Your job as Head of Criminal
is as much about politics
as it is about justice.
And I've assured
the attorney general
that we will be moving on.
Is that understood?
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I need to have a word
with John and Cooper.
(Ominous music)
If I don't get something solid
from this stunt you've pulled
with Teresi
by the end of the week.
I'm pulling the plug.
Angela knows about that tracker.
Jesus. she's gonna blow our
whole case now. isn't she?
This is not about her;
it's about you all
not getting it done.
No offense. Tameika.
but you got her all wrong.
We'll get you something.
End of day.
Is what he says true?
Do I have Angela all wrong?
There's something
I should tell you.
Angela asked me
to take evidence away
from a cop named
Blanca Rodriguez.
I could feel the gun was light.
I never would've pointed
at you if it wasn't.
I'm more concerned with how
I'm gonna fucking eat
now that Vincent's
cut us out of the business.
We got Tommy. okay?
He's good for it.
Where we at with the kid?
They're hassling me
for more on Tommy's moolie.
Which one?
"Which one?"
Listen to that.
They want the one I met inside.
You think Tommy will crack?
I think he better.
Almost killed
my best friend for him.
He fucking owes me.
And then. he fucking shot Sammy.
TOMMY: But there
was no bullets in the gun.
It was a fake-out.
Like some twisted.
fucking lesson.
Anyway. the Italians are out.
Gone.
TOMMY: I mean.
they're done with me.
I'm fucking fucked.
And I ain't even
100% sure it was Dre.
Oh. it was Dre.
It was definitely that nigga.
Good thing that Vincent
only got shot in the arm.
TOMMY: I'd be dick-deep
in dirt right now
if Dre's boys killed anybody.
Your Italians is lucky
I'm a punctual nigga.
'cause they could've got got.
All of 'em.
I dropped them niggas.
K saved the motherfucking day.
Why were you all meeting?
We was gonna talk Jimenez shit.
But fuck them.
and fuck the La Arafia card.
Motherfuckers making overtures.
Dre's ass gets dropped today.
GHOST: Nah.
we gotta hold on Dre.
No. negative.
The motherfucker weaseled
his way into working with me
on the Queens Child Project.
Tate knows
I don't want him on it.
So if we kill Dre.
he'll know it was me.
They'll know
it was the three of us.
You pretty motherfuckers
stay trying to be on TV. man.
Well. I gotta do something
to make this up to Teresi.
He chose me over
his best fucking friend.
Well. that's the other shit
I don't get.
Why would he do that?
'Cause I'm his son. Ghost.
You know.
I had eyes on the Jimenez.
But I couldn't do
nothing about it
'cause you were still
on this Teresi shit.
TOMMY: See the forest
for the trees. motherfucker.
We get rid of the Jimenez.
you ain't ever gotta worry
about Teresi ever again.
And we don't ever have
to associate again.
You don't believe that bullshit.
Here's your check. Tommy.
Clean money.
When you're around him.
forget you know me. okay?
Be like a dream come true.
I'll see you at 'Riq's
birthday. right?
I wouldn't miss it.
GHOST: Bye.
Later. K.
All right.
(Tense music)
Ghost is like that little bitch
from Charlie Brown.
Always moving the ball.
Maybe the best way to get Dre
is to push him out
of his own organization.
Word is there's been trouble
with Cristobal.
head of the Tainos.
He's been outshining Dre
to the Jimenez.
Maybe we help that beef along?
Nah.
Even if we did.
now we need Ghost
to get the drop on Dre.
Man. Ghost got you believing
you can't do nothing
without him.
Look. hit me up when you wanna
talk about the Jimenez
or expansion.
I got shit to do today.
Did you find out what
Mak and Saxe were up to?
I didn't. because I already
know what they're up to.
Have a seat.
Mak and Saxe came to me
because they suspected
Egan was still
trafficking drugs.
I gave permission
for surveillance.
I kept you out of the loop
because I can't trust
that you'd remain objective.
What do they have on Egan?
Dick. We don't even
know his supplier.
I'll have them turn off
the tracker.
So you knew they were running
an investigation
behind my back?
That undermines my authority.
Tameika.
I hired you knowing
your weaknesses.
and I have to manage them.
And what's the status
with this NYPD dirty cop case
Donovan told me about?
(Tense music)
I apologize for the secrecy.
I didn't wanna bring you
in on it
until I was sure it had legs.
You know I like you. Angela.
You have all the qualities
I look for in a prosecutor.
Your drive to win being
the most important.
But it's important to remember
that how we win matters
just as much as the win itself.
You flexed a lot of muscle
with the evidence seizure.
You're sure
that's all this case is about?
Dirty cops?
As far as I know.
it's about dirty cops.
Andre's a kid from the street
who lost his way.
But got back on track by
becoming an overnight success
as the manager of the Bassett
Hotel Group's first nightclub.
And he's generously
offered to host
tonight's final fundraiser.
TA TE: What do you think.
Simon?
We already have a Black
on the team
who's boot-strapped his way
to the top of the industry.
Andre seems so redundant.
He is. uh.
reminiscent of James. yes.
But Andre is much closer in age
to the kids in the community.
and considering James'
personal trials of late--
I'm financially and morally
invested in this project.
with a true commitment to
the community I was raised in.
I'm irreplaceable.
I'd also like to remind you
of my contribution
to your community.
I respect and appreciate
each of your contributions
to the project.
But quite frankly.
this little meeting
is a formality.
TA TE: I get to decide
who represents me
- on a community level--
- Wait a minute.
And that person is Andre.
Y--you're right. Rashad.
You should decide
how you're represented.
Thank you for notifying us.
It's my pleasure.
Andre. allow me to show you
the project grounds.
(Foreboding music)
Nice to meet you. Mr. Stern.
Simon. you're just gonna
let Tate walk all over us?
I go to Berlin to find myself.
and I come back to this mess.
For as long as I've known you.
James.
you have found a way
to wriggle out from under
every one of my impediments
with aplomb.
Wriggle away. my good man.
(door chimes)
(Tense music)
My nigga. my nigga.
my nigga. my nigga.
LACES: Hey. Lucky.
That's a nice jacket
you got on. papi.
Cowhide leather. right?
You know the neocortex
is a phenomenon
that support
the process of the brain?
LACES: It's responsible for
heightening the human senses
within the last century.
That's how I knew it was
cowhide leather.
I smelled it from when you
walked around the corner.
But fuck all that. papi. look.
I got these gift cards.
Give 'em to you. dirt cheap.
Matter of fact. give 'em to you
just for a loosey.
I scratched some of
the decorations off
because I didn't like
the way the shit looked.
But this shit's still good.
Get the fuck out of here. man.
Well. fuck you. mamahuevo.
LA CES: Didn't like your jacket
anyway. ugly mother--
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. papi.
Look. what about this bike?
What about this bike?
I even throw in
the gift cards with it. papi.
$20.
I gotta eat just like you. papi.
These Spanish don't want nobody
to have nothin'.
- just like you.
- Spanish?
I'll take the bike.
You know any Tainos?
(Mobb Deep's "Survival
of the Fittest" playing)
(car beeps)
- Loco.
- Not today. Laces.
Wait. let me get at you
for a second.
Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Got some good gift cards
for you this time. papi.
All the barcodes are good
and everything. I swear.
PRODIGY: ♪ Takin'
my enemies with me ♪
♪ And if not. they scarred ♪
♪ So they will never forget me ♪
(bell rings)
PRODIGY: ♪ The Hennessy got me
not knowin' how to act ♪
♪ I'm fallin'
and I can't turn back ♪
♪ Or maybe it's the words
from my man Killa Black ♪
♪ That I can't say.
so it's left an untold fact ♪
♪ Until my death ♪
(bell rings)
PRODIGY:
♪ Survival of the fit ♪
♪ Only the strong survive ♪
HA VOC: ♪ We livin' this till
the day that we die ♪
♪ Survival of the fit.
only the strong survive ♪
♪ We livin' this
till the day that we die ♪
♪ Survival of the fit.
only the strong survive ♪
♪ We livin' this
till the day that we die ♪
♪ Survival of the fit.
only the strong survive ♪
I can take his wallet too.
right?
I don't give a fuck.
Take his shoes too.
HA VOC: ♪ I'm trapped
in between two worlds ♪
♪ Trying to get dough. you
know when the dough get low ♪
BYE-bye.
(music abruptly stops)
(Ominous music)
Jamie.
Hey.
Thanks for meeting me. Angie.
It was nice to see you
the other night.
I thought that was
a one-time thing.
Oh. I just wanted to buy some
sneakers for Tariq's birthday.
I thought you could help.
You need help with sneakers?
(Chuckles)
Well. I mean. I. you know.
wanted to give him
something he wants.
Maybe you have an opinion about
what a teenage kid wants.
He's a Choate man now. you know.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
He's doing good. Angie.
He's making the grades.
I'm really proud of him.
If you have any advice
to give him.
I'm sure he'd appreciate it.
Are you still working
with Andre Coleman?
No.
I mean. yes. technically.
We're partnered together
on the Queens Child Project
by Councilman Tate.
But it's temporary.
Angie.
I can't speak for Andre Coleman.
but I'm not doing that anymore.
(Solemn music)
First coffee. now this.
I can't get sucked back in.
Jamie.
We can't keep
making this a thing.
It's not gonna work.
I just thought with it being
Rama's birthday and all
that we could--
(93393)
Shit.
I'm sorry.
I didn't realize.
How are you doing?
(Phone vibrates)
It's work.
I'm on thin ice right now.
I wanna stay and talk.
No. you should go.
Thank you for understanding.
I'm sorry.
MAN: Can I help you
with anything?
(Clears throat)
We gotta make this quick.
Connie gets cranky if she
doesn't get
her Nutter Butters during chemo.
What you got for us?
Tommy's got a beef
with a kid named Dre.
Pulled some kind of drive-by.
Andre Coleman?
How many fucking Dre's
could there be?
Come on.
Sandoval interviewed him
during the St. Patrick trial.
MAK: He was an employee of
St. Patrick at the time.
We need something
more concrete for a RICO.
Who's Tommy's supplier?
Who's in his crew?
We need something on
St. Patrick directly too.
And soon.
Like today.
It's that or make Connie
a snitch's widow
on her deathbed.
Yeah. yeah. I get the stakes.
all right?
Don't worry about it.
I plan on delivering 'em both up
on a silver fucking platter.
Or maybe a nice piece of China.
Uh. he's Korean.
(cell phone rings)
So Mak's got you on me now too?
ANGELA: I'm Mak's boss.
remember?
Would you like to be
a lawyer again?
Of fucking course I would.
Then I need you
to do something for me.
Hey. Quinn. I got your text.
(Ominous music)
What's going on?
And what the hell
is he doing here in my office?
You never told Karen you
signed a non-compete clause
when you were at Truth?
It just slipped my mind. though.
It didn't slip James'.
QUINN: And he's gonna
sue our balls off
if I do not fire you
immediately.
Look. there's something we can
definitely do about it.
I can just call Karen
right now—-
I'm sorry. Andre. but
the Bassett corporate policy
is not to fuck
with non-competes.
Now. the only way around it
is if James would
rip up the contract.
Well. that's not gonna happen.
QUINN: Then your dismissal
is effective immediately.
Which also means that the
charity event
you have planned tonight
has been cancelled.
GHOST: Andre.
I don't want you to worry
about the Queens Child
Project. all right?
It's all good.
I made arrangements to host
the event at my club. Truth.
Quinn. I wanna thank you
for your cooperation.
Uh. I almost forgot.
Please tell Karen I said hi.
QUINN: Andre.
I need your key card.
How are things with Teresi?
Terrible.
I know I said everything with
his release checks out.
but you still gotta be careful.
Who told you to say that?
Ghost?
No.
Who the fuck are we
meeting with anyway?
What the fuck?
Hi. Tommy.
It's a motherfucking setup!
I have reason to believe
you're the New York distributor
for the Jimenez cartel.
(Tense music)
The people in these photos
are much of Lobos'
last known organization
with the Jimenez in front
of the Ridgebury Hotel.
Tommy's not in any of these.
I know you were there. Tommy.
And you were also at
the airport with the Jimenez
just the other day
before I arrested them.
You think that I'm the
distributor for the Jimenez?
Tommy. don't say anything.
I know you are.
I'm gonna wrap up
their entire organization
including you and Jamie
if you don't play ball.
Oh. this ain't even about me.
It's about your boyfriend.
I'm sorry. your ex-boyfriend.
Well. I ain't working
with that motherfucker no more.
so you could take
your bullshit and bounce.
Okay. that may be true.
But you still work
for the Jimenez.
and you can't deny that.
The DOJ is coming for you.
Tommy.
This is your chance
to get away with everything.
Ooh.
If you had anything on me
worth having.
you'd be arresting me right now.
Not calling for a meet-up.
How do I know anything
you say is for real?
What the fuck is that?
That's illegal. Angela.
There's a warrant for this.
TOMMY: You think I'm supposed
to trust you now
after you pulled some
bullshit like that?
You conniving bitch.
You don't need to trust me
to work with me.
You just need to not
wanna go to prison.
I can give you immunity.
You can walk away
from all of this. clean.
Think about it.
Tommy. you could use
blanket immunity.
What if they find out
about Markham?
As long as you keep
your mouth shut. they won't.
(jazz music playing)
It was a good time.
GHOST: Reverend.
- Congratulations. James.
- Thank you.
Our community is thrilled
for the changes you'll bring.
Well. Simon and I
have worked very hard--
James. you should know
that Andre is here.
Excuse me. gentlemen.
(overlapping chatter)
What the fuck is he doing here?
Andre told me about
his unfortunate dismissal.
That doesn't mean he's
not valuable to the cause.
In fact. there are
several donors here tonight
that could be
Andre's next employer.
Word. I'd like to get back
to work as soon as possible.
I'd like you to get out of
the club as soon as possible.
Easy. James.
We've discussed the situation.
haven't we?
Ah. I see Eric Ellis made it.
TA TE: He's recently purchased
an up-and-coming
lifestyle brand.
He might need a new man
on board.
I'll introduce you.
Excuse us.
Ellis is a dilettante.
Valiant effort. James.
I had him dead to rights. Simon.
Be patient.
You created that young man.
didn't you?
Fighting yourself is
a bit more difficult.
We'll get him.
(cell phone vibrates)
So 'Riq.
how do you like your new school?
I mean. it's all right.
It's still new.
ESTELLE: Who are you
talking to. Tasha?
Nobody. Mama.
(Solemn music)
(Text swoops)
LAKEISHA: 'Riq.
What's your favorite class?
Philosophy's pretty cool.
The only thing that I know
is that I know nothing.
(chuckling)
Socrates.
(Chuckles)
Great. baby.
I used that once on
a biology test in high school.
I passed.
(Chuckles)
TOMMY: Hey. Tasha.
Is... Ghost gonna come?
Is he here?
TOMMY: Damn. Tasha.
I'm just asking.
TASHA: I'm sorry.
I got a present downstairs
for Tariq.
Mm-hmm.
Come on. 'Riq.
Grab your jacket.
(engine revving)
(laughter)
Your old man never put you
behind the wheel before?
Nah. I'm too young to drive.
Ah. driver's licenses should be
like roller coasters.
Once you're tall enough.
you're in.
All right. a little ways up.
pull up. uh.
on the left-hand side. okay?
All right.
now just put it in park.
Put on the brake.
Keep it on the brake.
There you go.
Perfect.
Just like a video game.
But boring.
Here. give me the keys.
It was you who warned Dre
that we was coming for him.
wasn't it?
(Foreboding music)
- What're you talking about?
- At your sister's funeral.
You overheard me
tell your dad about Dre.
Yes.
Because you snitched. Tariq.
your uncle Tommy almost
got killed
in a drive-by the other day.
I didn't--
I'm in some very deep shit now.
With some very scary people.
Dre might've missed. but I'm
probably still gonna get got.
Or end up in prison
if I don't figure out
how to get out of this.
Why'd you want Dre dead?
I mean. if you would've
told me the truth maybe I--
He stole my entire business.
He tried to kill Kanan.
He killed my friend
who was a priest.
And he sent you into
a shootout with a cop is why.
Now. you didn't know all that.
But you did know
that Dre was our enemy.
Why did you snitch. 'Riq?
'Cause he helped me
get my enemy.
He gave me Ray Ray's location.
Loyal only to your own cause.
You sound exactly like Ghost.
I did the right thing.
Uncle Tommy.
Remember Socrates. 'Riq.
You don't know nothin'.
Now drive us home.
(engine starts. revs)
I'm telling you. they wanna
make us a different race. man.
But we're the same.
I'm dark. you're light.
but guess what.
They put is in a blender.
we come out the same color.
Pink like pussy. I promise you.
Callin' me a pussy now. Laces?
Yo. this fucking crackhead. man.
See. you're missing
the whole point.
And you're sensitive too.
And please. get it correct.
it's flakkahead.
Yo...
Me too. man.
Look. Taino.
all I'm saying. man.
is that Tower of Babel shit
got us fucked up
trying to figure each other out.
We working overtime.
Meanwhile I'm out here trying
to tell you
Spanish niggas the truth
and none of you wanna listen.
Get the fuck off me. man.
I ain't Spanish.
and I ain't a nigga.
So fuck you.
Fuck me. huh?
Yeah. that's right.
Fuck me.
Fuck me. fuck you.
fuck all of us.
We all Spanish.
We all niggas.
Think about it.
Don't think too hard. man;
that shit'll blow your mind.
(Dramatic music)
He thought about it too hard.
man.
Okay. I've got cake.
I've got candles.
Thank you.
(giggles)
Well. you're very well-dressed
for a delivery man.
Mama.
This is my friend. Terry Silver.
It's nice to meet you.
Terry. you wanna
stick around for a slice?
Tasha. your kids are here.
Hello. again. Mrs. St. Patrick.
I'm sorry to interrupt
your evening like this.
but we've had a break
in our investigation.
You know what?
It's--it's really
not a good time.
Is this about Raina?
LEARY: Yes. we have
a new lead on a suspect.
And. well.
I can't really comment
about an ongoing investigation.
But Mrs. St. Patrick.
I think we're very close
to finding the man
who killed your daughter.
That's great.
- Praise the Lord.
- Yeah.
LEARY: However. there is
something we need to do first.
It should've been done earlier.
It was an error on our part.
We're gonna need you
to surrender
your registered firearm
a .380 Micro Eagle.
This way we can cross-check that
against our ballistics report.
and eliminate it
from the investigation.
I'll take that.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
but that gun was stolen.
I reported it with the NYPD
as soon as I discovered
it was missing.
Let's make sure.
Standard procedure.
- Call it in.
- Yes. sir.
You brought a seizure warrant
for a routine evidence check
against the victim's family?
I'm sorry. who are you?
Terry Silver.
I'm her lawyer.
LEARY: Okay. as I said.
this is standard procedure.
No need to bring
lawyers into this.
Is that suppression of
representation I'm hearing?
Oh. Mr. Silver. please.
let's not blow this
out of proportion.
Her story checks out. Detective.
LEARY: Okay. thank you.
Well. sorry to have
bothered you folks tonight.
(Tense music)
Scientists say chickens
come from dinosaurs.
And dinosaurs is extinct.
So it's like I'm eating on some
type of mythological creature
or something. right?
Which is why I ain't
sweatin' this chicken.
although veganism
is close to my heart.
Now. if dinosaurs is extinct.
and if I'm following that logic.
this chicken ain't even real.
None of this is real.
None of it.
I promise you that.
You vegan?
KANAN: I tried.
But they said I couldn't
eat pussy. so I quit.
Fuck that.
(high-pitched giggling)
Ooh. you're nasty.
Nasty. nasty. nasty nigga' papa.
(giggling)
You stopped eating pussy?
You lyin'.
(giggles)
(gun clicks)
(Ominous music)
Who the fuck are you?
Nobody.
KANAN.' Hold up.
Here. take this.
and you sell it.
You don't have any friends.
do you?
You find it hard to make
and maintain
human connection. right?
Are you sad?
You're feeling empty?
Hard to be there for people
you love. ain't it?
Cymbalta can help.
Cymbalta is a medication
used to treat
symptoms of depression.
Side effects may include
stiffness. dizziness.
butt bleeds. nut burns.
and dick noise.
Get the fuck out of here. man.
(giggling)
You nasty. nasty nigga.
Stolen. Tasha?
You're lying to the police.
I watched you put that gun
in the safe.
I've kept my mouth shut
long enough.
James used that gun to murder
Rama's killer. didn't he?
When I came to you that night.
I told you the truth.
It was me.
After everything
he has put you through.
why are you still defending him?
TASHA: You're not listening.
I killed Rama's killer.
Not James.
I pulled the trigger.
I did it alone.
And I would do it again.
Bullshit. Tasha.
That standard procedure
ballistics check.
that was a ruse.
They're suspicious of James.
He's going down. and you are
going to go down with him.
unless you tell me the truth.
You just don't
want to believe me.
Either you are a victim
of James' actions.
or you're an accomplice.
Call me when you decide
which one you are.
Terry.
(jazz music)
(overlapping chatter)
TA TE: May I have
your attention. please?
It is my distinct honor
to announce that thanks
to a very generous donation
from Mr. Eric Ellis.
we have finally reached
our fundraising goals
for the Queens Child Project.
Give yourselves a round of
applause for your generosity.
(cheers and applause)
TA TE.' QCP. QCP.
Before I leave. I wanna say.
I haven't forgotten
that the mood of
all this celebrating
is a tragedy.
Oh. I'm okay. Reverend.
I'm actually doing really good.
You see. we reached
our fundraising goal.
GHOST: Thanks for being here.
Felt good to see you.
(voice echoing)
I want to encourage you
to counsel with me
anytime.
Good night. son.
I ain't your son. nigga.
Anytime.
Well. we finally did it.
Congratulations. James.
I want Andre off the project
and out of my
motherfucking sight.
Why are you so angry?
Listen. you still get all
of your returns
on your investment.
You still get to name it
after Raina.
You get everything you want
except the spotlight.
Is that all you care about?
He don't deserve no credit.
That kid is trouble.
Rashad. he got a record.
He still slinging dope.
Fuck this shit.
I'm outta here.
He's not worthy of the
opportunity. is all I'm saying.
James. listen to yourself.
You're losing it.
and you need to take a break.
TA TE: Time after time.
you've proven to be
nothing but trouble. James.
You are unworthy of this job.
You're the one that's
unworthy of this relationship.
You're unworthy.
Come here.
(groaning)
I'll fucking kill you.
What kind of man would murder
over a business dispute?
You ain't got no idea
who the fuck I am.
No. I think I do.
STERN: James!
(Tense music)
You know you done fucked up.
right?
Excuse me.
Can you believe these pigs
coming in here
throwin' around accusations
when we're the ones
with a dead child?
Mama. it's fine. all right?
They made a mistake.
Let's just open up the cake.
- Happy birthday.
- All right?
(Solemn music)
ESTELLE: You ordered
the wrong cake. Tasha.
I know!
(sighs)
(sobbing)
(sniffles)
It's all right about the cake.
Ma.
I need a second. 'Riq.
I don't want you
to take the blame.
Tell Mr. Silver the truth
about what I did.
The truth isn't gonna
make things better.
Nobody's gonna believe you
did it alone. okay?
You're just a kid.
But I did do it.
I'm the one that killed him.
You didn't do anything wrong.
I don't want you to go
to jail because of me.
TAR/Q: It's not fair for Yas.
It's handled. Tariq.
Just let me confess.
That's what Raina would've done.
Raina would've done a lot of
things differently. Tariq.
The decision is made.
If you wanna help me.
just get the fuck out the way.
Do you wish
it was me that died
instead of Raina?
TARIQ.' Ma.
Just give me another chance.
Quinn.
I'll take a demotion.
Whatever you want me to do
just to be a part of the clubs.
I'm looking forward
to your answer. all right?
- What's up. man?
- My men are dropping.
CRISTOBAL:
Someone's taking on Tainos.
You think it's because
of the Jimenez?
Think word got out that they
got locked up?
I haven't heard nothin'.
I'm thinking it's an inside job.
Shit.
Tommy and them?
No. no. I'm thinking 2-Bit.
(Chuckles)
Oh. shit.
You're thinking
2-Bit's the one fucking you up?
Yeah. man. think about it.
I mean. I sat back and watched
as you came for Julio.
You wanted his position.
and you took it.
2-Bit wants mine.
History repeats itself.
I'm not gonna become history
anytime soon.
So if 2-Bit dropped your guys.
that means I ordered him
to do so.
So you're accusing him;
you're accusing me.
And if you think I'm behind it
because I didn't like
that you were made my--
My number two. right?
- That's not what I said. Dre.
- No.
That's what the fuck
it sounds like.
You're right. I don't like
having a number two.
But I got one.
And killing your men wouldn't
make my bosses happy.
would it?
So as my number two.
handle your gang shit
before I have to do it.
(elevator chimes)
(groans)
You're drunk.
I missed the dinner.
GHOST: It was for a good
cause. though. son.
We reached the fundraising goal.
Your sister's name is gonna be
added to the building.
GHOST: I got you a gift.
Happy birthday.
I love you.
- GHOST: Ouf.
- Uh. thanks.
Why. 'cause I missed your party?
I just told you. 'Riq--
Oh...
I was at work.
Drug dealing ain't work.
You're turning into
a little punk. ain't you?
I was at my club. Tariq.
Building a legacy.
For your sister.
Clubs you got with
your dirty money. right?
Ma told me who you are
and what you used to do.
Don't you remember that?
Hey. hey. hey. hey-
My past don't matter.
The only thing that matters.
son.
is all of this shit
that I done given you.
I gave you everything
I never had growing up.
I don't want none of this shit.
Quiet. kid.
(grunts)
I gave you...
everything.
You lied to me my entire life
about who you are
and where we come from.
Hell.
You're gonna believe
what your mama told you anyway.
what do you want from me?
- I want the truth!
- Oh. it don't matter.
It matters to me!
I'll tell you one thing.
Raina appreciated
all of this shit.
Yeah. she knew you was
a drug dealer
and a liar and a cheater too.
But she didn't care
'cause you got her nice stuff.
That ain't true.
Raina loved me.
Maybe she was
the only one that did.
TARIQ: All you do is
think about yourself.
Mom. Uncle Tommy.
and Kanan think that too.
Maybe if Raina hated you.
she would still be alive.
Come here.
- Stop it.
- Tasha. get off me.
- No.
- Get off me!
Go. Tariq.
I'm going back
to Choate tonight.
How're you gonna get there?
I ain't paying for it.
I don't fucking
want your money. Ghost.
- Cut it out.
- Come here.
Tariq. go to your room
right now.
Tasha. that's why
we don't say shit to them.
'cause they don't
fucking get it.
You need to go.
GHOST: Go where?
This is my motherfucking house.
You left. remember?
You can come back
when we're gone!
Go!
Right now.
(Somber music)
Just...
(sighs)
Tariq.
Goddamn. that's a lot of zeros.
What's this about?
Huh?
Nothing.
It's just some money
that Ghost owed me.
Look. I'm really sorry that
shit went left the way it did.
I hope you can forgive me.
Don't fucking worry about it.
Sammy will be all right too.
You think I could get back
and good with the Italians?
Oh. Jesus. kid.
You gotta hang it up. all right?
They washed their hands of you.
They washed their hands
of all of us.
We're all out of work.
Fuck.
I can't believe I did 25 in the
can for these motherfuckers.
They didn't take care of Connie.
I missed out on all of this.
So what you sayin'?
You regret not making a deal?
I have always been a loyal guy.
But I was loyal to an idea
of who I wanted to be based on
old Jimmy Cagney movies.
I had tons of information
on a bunch of fuckers
who wouldn't piss on me
if I was on fire.
And Vincent's dad
was one of them.
After what they did to us today.
what they did to you.
TERESI: You think he
would've stood tall for me?
You really would've ratted.
Teresi?
(Somber music)
A rat is only a rat
if he rats on somebody
he should be loyal to.
If you inform on somebody that
you don't give two shits about
to advance your own cause.
then“.
It's just business.
Why the fuck were you not in
the club tonight?
I thought you were jammed up.
Diego.
You thought I was jammed up.
Are you a Fed. motherfucker?
I saw the whole shit
when it went down
after our meeting.
I was with your boy Cristobal.
If you don't believe me.
ask him. ask him.
Are you the one who stole my
gold gun
and planted it in Long Island?
(Tense music)
Diego. I've only been
to Jones Beach. man.
And I don't know what gold gun
you're talking about.
and even if I did. when have
I been around you long enough
to take it without you noticing?
Come on. man. think.
And you thought
because I was in jail
you'd quit your job.
Is that what you thought?
You're in over
your fucking head. amigo.
I am in over my head.
but it's not my fault.
It's the motherfucker
Ghost and Tommy
who came to you
about the Cali ports.
They're dropping
Cristobal's people.
I'm handling it.
but it's gone too far.
They're probably the ones
that got you arrested too.
I remember this Ghost.
And Tommy.
So we gotta fuck 'em up.
But this stays
between you and me.
We tell Alicia nothing.
(knock on door)
(Text swoops)
(Tense music)
(knock on door)
Corning.
(Buttons beep)
Did Proctor tell you
where I lived?
Did Jamie?
Neither one.
What do you want?
I got a problem.
The thing is.
my problem is your problem.
I'm thinking
maybe I could help you
to help me.
Well.
I told you
that I could offer you
full immunity.
which means you can tell me
everything you know
about the Jimenez
New York syndicate.
and be charged
with absolutely nothing.
It's a complete walk. Tommy.
All this time
and you don't know me at all.
I'm not that fucking guy.
I never have been.
I never will be.
Then what are you offering me?
I'm confused.
Give me that tracker
you took off my car.
That's federal property.
TOMMY: You want the Jimenez.
right?
Give me the tracker.
If you don't sign
an immunity agreement.
what's to keep me from wrapping
you up with the Jimenez
when I arrest them?
The same fear that made you put
that gun in your waistband.
Oh. and I liked it better
when you had that plant
over there by the window.
Get the fuck
out of my apartment.
Relax. Angela.
I'll call you.
(door opens and closes)
Tommy's laundering his money
in James' club.
Ah. what do you call it?
Truth.
Fuck yes.
Yes.
♪ Big faces always ♪
♪ Big faces. homey ♪
You want some?
Nah. I'm good.
Thanks for the ride.
Why ain't you ask your morn?
She moved out of Ghost's house.
She's on her own shit now.
♪ Flip it. watch it dribble ♪
♪ When you bring it back.
I double ♪
♪ Ain't nobody out there
hustle harder ♪
♪ But the government ♪
I'd wish you a happy birthday.
but it seems fucked up with
your sister and everything.
♪ Now we here.
let's get one thing clear ♪
♪ I'm an alpha dog.
haters disappear ♪
(engine revs)
(Ominous music)
MACEDON: James.
Glad you called.
MACEDON: Where is God?
GHOST: What's he got
to do with this?
MACEDON: You stood
up there and told
a room full of
your friends and family
that He wants you
to /earn a lesson.
that God is with you.
Your behavior tonight
draws a different picture. son.
My daughter's dead.
Somebody's gotta pay for it.
"'Vengeance is mine. '
sayeth the Lord."
Let God take care
of her murderer.
It's God's fault.
You blame God?
GHOST: God took my daughter.
he took my friends.
and my wife. my...
Look. no matter what I do.
Reverend. I keep
running into the same wall.
Then stop running.
Kneel.
I'm not that kind of man.
Reverend Macedon. okay?
When--when I let go.
bad things happen.
MACEDON:
Well. with you holding on.
good things aren't happening
either. are they?
(Breathes deeply)
Tell me who else you blame
for the way you
feel tonight. James.
MACEDON: Tell me the truth.
I blame my son.
He should've been there
for his sister.
He wasn't.
I blame his mother for not
seeing that he was in trouble.
MACEDON: And where were you
when all this happened?
You know. I was in jail.
MACEDON: Why were you in jail?
For something I didn't do.
Why were you arrested
and not someone else?
'Cause I withheld the truth
to protect someone and
she hurt me as a result.
You held back the truth
to protect her?
Or to protect yourself?
Reverend. you don't understand.
okay?
(Somber music)
No. you don't understand.
God wants us to be happy.
joyous. free.
When we take our will back.
we become players in all
the misery that befalls us.
What are the choices that
led you to this moment?
What would you do differently
if you could?
What would Raina do?
What would Raina want you to do?
She would want me
to be different.
I can do that.
I can be different.
For her.
For you.
You have to want it.
For yourself.
I want it.
What do you want?
I wanna be a better man.
Where did you lose your way?
(6LACK's "In Between" playing)
(knock on door)
6LACK: ♪ Stop
trippin' over me. yeah ♪
♪ Gave each other
something to believe. yeah ♪
♪ Instead of sellin' me
a dream. yeah ♪
♪ Just tell me what I need ♪
♪ I've always tried to say ♪
♪ That every something fades ♪
BANKS: ♪ Ask me for space ♪
♪ I told you no ♪
♪ You said to leave ♪
♪ I said.
Fine. I'll just go ♪
♪ You told me.
Wait ♪
♪ Why would you leave? ♪
♪ You used to fight for me ♪
♪ And I just wanted
all your attention ♪
♪ Already got me sayin' ♪
♪ Baby. I got no patience ♪
♪ Give me one conversation ♪
♪ I can be soft.
you can behave ♪
♪ Already got me sayin' ♪
♪ Baby. I got no patience ♪
♪ Give me one conversation ♪
♪ I can be soft ♪
♪ You can behave ♪
♪ I've always tried to say ♪
♪ That every something ♪
♪ Fades ♪
♪ I'm living in between ♪
♪ Already tried to leave ♪
6LACK: ♪ I think
I'ma need a minute ♪
♪ No picking up.
it's time to finish ♪
♪ Think you wanna be
replenished ♪
♪ You hanging on
to every sentence ♪
♪ Yeah. you was all good ♪